VM done. Hugging face models trash, BingAI superior. GET request done, POST request needs to be done. Integration left only. Group wise schema and message structure done.
in current and past memebers seperate list, the problem is that we get members whose status is updated periodically after every export.
So, if i need to delete a member then i'll put into the past_members list in the next export. Then I need to search and remove that participant in the current
members list. Similarly, if i need to add a participant then i need to search and remove it from the past members list first.
--> However, if i use the dictionary format then the searching will be done in O(1) time.

For admin status update no system generated message is generated.
For participants that were added before group creation, on system generated messages are generated.
For giving pseudo names, ask sir that should we do it or let admin handle that (More privacy in that).
Also, if the person who is exporting the chat sends messages then it comes by his/her name, which is good.
Assumption: participants name does not contain 'removed', 'left', or 'added' in it.
Add the expected end date of a group according to the information provided beforehand by experts. Current structure puts it into NA.
Is there a need to store system generated messages? If we store them then we can cross-verify the data, that's all.
Right now the group wise schema segregates messages based on each day having a different list. We can change it to anything.
Sometimes the messsages that are sent to whatsapp have a timestamp that is lower than the previous message. Due to this, the group wise schema messages
may be out of order. We can fix this by sorting the messages based on timestamp.
Written the entire code in OOPS format with try except statements in each function.
Are the group names going to be unique? Asking so that we can use group name in the user schema as a key to identify the group.
Have checked sending messages from different platforms like whatsapp desktop, whatsapp mobile. The system generated messaged do not suffer much change.
Ask sir that can he give us a system too since we have less RAM and its laggy working on VM in VM?

In the user schema, is the start date in the affiliated groups the date when the user joined the group or the date when the group was created?


Add the expected end date of a group according to the information provided beforehand by experts. Current structure puts it into NA.
Is there a need to store system generated messages? If we store them then we can cross-verify the data, that's all.     NO NEED, BUT STORE IT
Right now the group wise schema segregates messages based on each day having a different list. We can change it to anything.
For admin status update no system generated message is generated.
For participants that were added before group creation, no system generated messages are generated.              WE WILL ADD MANUALLY
For giving pseudo names, ask sir that should we do it or let admin handle that (More privacy in that).           SIR WILL DISCUSS AND LET US KNOW
Written the entire code in OOPS format with try except statements in each function.
Are the group names going to be unique? Asking so that we can use group name in the user schema as a key to identify the group.     YES
Have checked sending messages from different platforms like whatsapp desktop, whatsapp mobile. The system generated messaged do not suffer much change.
In the user schema, is the start date in the affiliated groups the date when the user joined the group or the date when the group was created?      YES
VM done. Hugging face models trash, BingAI superior. GET request done, POST request needs to be done. Integration left only. Group wise schema and message structure done.
Ask sir that can he give us a system too since we have less RAM and its laggy working on VM in VM?      DONE


If the tab is present in a new line for more than 2 lines then the JSON parser is not working with the current code.    TO FIX
If the export file that we get has its name altered or changed then the code will not work.     NOTE